I got a grocery delivery they finally
decided to hire their own delivery
drivers so now they coming back like
this instead of huge DHL packages with
this giant ass bubble wrap which i think
is amazing because it was kind of a
hassle to get rid of all that one
delivery easily filled up a back like
this of just paper for recycling and the
lady who delivered it was the same lady
from last time and last time I didn't
get my vodka with the rent able delivery
and it came like a day later yeah the
ventilations weekend comes on when the
light in the bathroom line and the lady
was like so did you end up getting here
vodka from laughs and I was like yeah
and it kind of freaks me out that she
remembers that because I don't know it's
definitely not helping my paranoia but
much because it's just like well it's
great then yeah I mean it's supposed to
make you feel like the giver I
guess I don't know if it's part of the
job description but two minute it kind
of feels like I know what you ordered
last summer kind of frightening feeling
a little bit
you
[Music]
yeah freaks me out I know she probably
means well
which is kind of weird I guess I mean
people can steal my identity online
anonymously and I can't even order
groceries anonymously so far almost ever
seems to have a really good quality my
eggs came in bubble wrap even that's
another two weeks worth of food not
sponsored
[Music]
not sponsor
this is the free gift not sponsored not
sponsored those sweet potatoes to really
have a brand on this huge AK I'm going
to spend some time cutting up these
groceries wish you were here to film
silly videos with me not sponsored oh
wait
I'll show you what I learned to do this
is new for me it's a new life to go
mMmmm I was informing from work the
people has bothered me about it about
makin bubblegum blowing AMR which I've
decided I don't want to make any of the
mainstream Judaism i other people can do
that anybody can do that
not anybody can have creative role plays
idea role play role play ideas I've had
different bubblegum ten minutes ago but
I spit it out laughing watching a video
of funny funny memes my windows are open
I love to clean the table
not this table that's a different table
their tables clean on my crafting stuff
stuff responder you can see the counter
says bill look what orange I added some
red already still a kind of orange and
my absolutely to do with a yellow
lighting in here so I have to look at
them again that they like decide if they
need any more arm red to match my hair
and everything
I put Sion a different chain
[Music]
I just wanted it to be black to match
everything else dad
most clothes
ah there's a fly in my coffee
our third fly my coffee
so we flies probably because it smells
like s'mores that's why there is a slime
I'm coffee I'll go for that if I Wirefly
[Music]
first co-op arrived
surely bubblegum
[Music]
almost yeah the other gun was better for
this this this is not bubble gum blowing
gum this first bubble complain gum
[Music]
it smells really nice
yes sir
I have homework Maya sibility Cara woke
me up at 9:00 a.m. and gave me this
thingy which I already filled out a
little thingy in the application for of
renewing the contract and all so I can
continue to get care I just said she
needs me to copy it enough my
handwriting again I don't know why she
can't just you know copy coffee it does
it have to be in yeah wouldn't buy me
[Music]
and that's what happened last time at
least I'm having a good hair day
the pink lighting makes this place look
awesome I don't know what else to show
you kind of a boring day this is some
jewelry I need I just can show you some
of that
I have yet to take pictures of that
freely show up on the screen by better
handles is a Nicholas it's a bronze leaf
jog and it has a little garden speed
here so that will be coming out let's
see here's one the triangular one this
is a white how lit or how light have you
say that that rock you know the stuff
that they make those little skulls out
of there's this just like it has like
this um this little bar this little rod
and I added some more links here and
added one of those bronze ornate beads
here which is really pretty and then I
got some dad I am are just
um yeah just the rod with no additional
beads or anything and then there's some
I only got three of those they're a
little bit different some of those fern
leaves and on here you can't really tell
but there's a tiny little bell and then
a tiny little obsidian chip and a tiny
little rose quartz chip they're very
nice
together I think and it's all together
by this carabiner clasp yeah just cute
stuff and that's all the jewelry I had
you've already seen most of this I don't
think there's a need for me to show you
anymore
[Music]
these logs probably boring but I just
thought you might enjoy seeing my face I
can't wait till we live together and I
can show you all the passwords for
everything because they're funny as hell
they're probably the funniest things I
come up with ever but I can't share them
online you know not even through instant
messenger steam keeps reminding me not
to and then you want any passwords
they're really funny though I just I
just need to share that brilliant
somebody it appears that it will be a
while before we get sunlight again it's
been quite rainy I'm not sure if you can
hear it I think you'll probably inserted
music because that's how I roll those
will probably be in Maya gypsy video
so got fun what else oh yeah I'm before
we watched yesterday's video I made me
the mistake and I ordered half a liter
of coconut oil
I wish JP had told me earlier how
unhealthy this really is so I wouldn't
abuse my body by putting complete fats
with valuable amino acids in my body
we're going to do with us now what if my
body goes like completely out of balance
because I spent a to many nutrients L
not sponsored